README.md, before:

This repository provides an image for Baikal (http://baikal-server.com/) on Raspberry Pi.
Automated builds currently fail since Docker Hub currently doesn't support ARM platforms.

For more details, see https://github.com/ckulka/rpi-baikal

### Run
The following command will run Baikal, including HTTPS over self-signed certificates:
```
docker run --rm -it -p 80:80 -p 443:443 ckulka/rpi-baikal
```
This image is based on [ckulka/rpi-nginx](https://hub.docker.com/r/ckulka/rpi-nginx) - refer to this repo for further details on nginx.

### SSL Certificates
If you want to use your own certificates, either hide this container behind your own HTTPS proxy (e.g. [ckulka/rpi-nginx](https://hub.docker.com/r/ckulka/rpi-nginx)) or you mount your certificates into the container:

```
# The folder /etc/my-certs/baikal contains the files baikal.key and baikal.pem
docker run --rm -it -p 80:80 -p 443:443 -v /etc/my-certs/baikal:/etc/ssl/private/:ro ckulka/rpi-baikal
```

Alternatively, you can also provide your own nginx configuration and specify other certificates (see [rpi-baikal/files/default](https://github.com/ckulka/rpi-baikal/blob/master/files/default)).

### Persistent Data
The folder ```/var/www/Specific``` contains the persistent data. It's marked as volume and should be part of a regular backup.


#### Backup to AWS S3
I backup my persistent data to AWS S3 (https://aws.amazon.com/de/s3).

My docker-compose file: https://github.com/ckulka/rpi-baikal/blob/master/docker-compose.yml
```
# Upload initial data to AWS S3
# Has to be done only once at the beginning
docker-compose run --rm backup sh /opt/aws-s3-sync-backup.sh

# Run the service(s)
docker-compose up

# On a regular basis, perform the backup
docker-compose run --rm backup sh /opt/aws-s3-sync-backup.sh
```

Commit message:

added details about systemd service file

README.md, after:

This repository provides an image for Baikal (http://baikal-server.com/) on Raspberry Pi.
Automated builds currently fail since Docker Hub currently doesn't support ARM platforms.

For more details, see https://github.com/ckulka/rpi-baikal

### Run
The following command will run Baikal, including HTTPS over self-signed certificates:
```
docker run --rm -it -p 80:80 -p 443:443 ckulka/rpi-baikal
```
This image is based on [ckulka/rpi-nginx](https://hub.docker.com/r/ckulka/rpi-nginx) - refer to this repo for further details on nginx.

#### Systemd
I also included a Systemd service file.
```
sudo curl -O https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ckulka/rpi-baikal/master/btsync.service
# Adjust the location of the docker-compose.yml

sudo systemctl enable baikal.service
```
This automatically starts the service after your Raspberry Pi booted.

### SSL Certificates
If you want to use your own certificates, either hide this container behind your own HTTPS proxy (e.g. [ckulka/rpi-nginx](https://hub.docker.com/r/ckulka/rpi-nginx)) or you mount your certificates into the container:

```
# The folder /etc/my-certs/baikal contains the files baikal.key and baikal.pem
docker run --rm -it -p 80:80 -p 443:443 -v /etc/my-certs/baikal:/etc/ssl/private/:ro ckulka/rpi-baikal
```

Alternatively, you can also provide your own nginx configuration and specify other certificates (see [rpi-baikal/files/default](https://github.com/ckulka/rpi-baikal/blob/master/files/default)).

### Persistent Data
The folder ```/var/www/Specific``` contains the persistent data. It's marked as volume and should be part of a regular backup.


#### Backup to AWS S3
I backup my persistent data to AWS S3 (https://aws.amazon.com/de/s3).

My docker-compose file: https://github.com/ckulka/rpi-baikal/blob/master/docker-compose.yml
```
# Upload initial data to AWS S3
# Has to be done only once at the beginning
docker-compose run --rm backup sh /opt/aws-s3-sync-backup.sh

# Run the service(s)
docker-compose up

# On a regular basis, perform the backup
docker-compose run --rm backup sh /opt/aws-s3-sync-backup.sh
```
